The rules are to be followed and if caught breaking them will mean Mute, Tempban, or even a Perma Ban. So I suggest you read this clearly. They are subject to change but as follows:

Discord Rules
 1 Do not impersonate other players or staff members.
 2 Do not ping any staff members. Create tickets for any concern.
 3 Do not use vulgar words.
 4 Offensive nicknames/Avatars are not allowed - this includes profanity, racism, or other forms of hate speech. This can also include a user's IP address.
 5 Bullying of any kind will not be tolerated.
 6 Sharing personal information is at your own risk. We do not advise it.
 7 Encouraging others to break Rules is not allowed.
 8 Do not mic spam in the main channels. This includes playing soundboards and music.
 9 Ban evading a perm-ban or temp-ban is not allowed.
 10 No harassing or sexually harassing anyone. We consider the following against this rule: Being extremely mean, name calling, not respecting.
 11 Don't disrespect staff. Their decision is final! If you have a problem with staff, please reach out to me privately in Discord. DO NOT MAKE A PUBLIC MATTER OUT OF IT.

Survival Rules
 1 Scamming is not allowed.
 2 Claiming near other players is not allowed. Some players might be missing some claimblocks and are waiting to claim all their land, therefore always do /wild and find your own land to claim.
 3 Griefing other players is forbidden. Unclaimed places could be due to low amount of claimblocks, so don't touch them as well.
 4 Tpa Trapping is prohibited and will result in a punishment.
 5 Asking/Begging for stuffs to any player or staff will result in mute or even a ban.
 6 Using any kind of hack or hack client will instantly get you banned from the server.
 7 Only speak Nepali or English in Public chats. You can use /msg ingame to talk in your own language.
 8 Advertising youtube channel, links, Server or Server Ip will result in mute/ban.
 9 Donot use any kind of vulgar or hate speech in the server.
 10 Dont SPAM messages constantly.
 11 Duping any items is not allowed.
 12 AFK farming is not allowed.
 13 Redstone clocks with toggleable system is only allowed.
 14 making Heavy lag farms/machines is not allowed.
 15 Donot Disrespect or impersonate any of the staff members.
 16 If you have a problem with any of the staff member please use the discord #support channel to report them with PROOF.
 17 Use #support to report hackers/cheaters with some kind of proof.
 18 Avoiding ban/mute duration will make the ban/mute longer.
 19 If seen toxic msg in chat, staff have the right to mute.

Bedwars Rules
 1 Cross Teaming is not allowed and will result in a ban.
 2 SkyBasing is not allowed.
 3 Team killing/griefing is forbidden.
 4 Farm killing is not allowed.
 5 Trolling is forbidden.
 6 Hack client/Hacking is strictly not allowed.
 7 Trash Talking is not allowed.
 8 Auto clicking is not allowed.
 9 All languages are allowed in the public chat.